Published 21.12.2021
1. Until 31 January 2022, passengers are not allowed to enter.
- This does not apply to:
- nationals of Canada;
- permanent residents of Canada;
- persons registered under Canada's Indian Act with the Certificate of Indian Status (CIS) or the Secure Certificate of Indian Status (SCIS);
- passengers with a Canadian Refugee Travel Document or a Single Journey Document for Resettlement to Canada;
- immediate family members of nationals of Canada, of permanent residents of Canada and of persons registered under Canada's Indian Act. They must stay for at least 15 days and have a quarantine plan. Staying for less than 15 days is allowed if they have a COVID-19 vaccination certificate showing that they were fully vaccinated at least 15 days (day of vaccination + 14 days) before arrival. The certificate must be in English, French or accompanied by a certified English or French translation. Vaccines accepted are: AstraZeneca (Covishield), AstraZeneca (SK Bioscience), AstraZeneca (Vaxzevria), Covaxin, Janssen, Moderna (Spikevax), Pfizer-BioNTech (Comirnaty), Sinopharm or Sinovac. A combination of vaccines is accepted.
- extended family members of nationals of Canada, of permanent residents of Canada and of persons registered under Canada's Indian Act. They must stay for at least 15 days, have a quarantine plan, and have a written authorization issued by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC). Staying for less than 15 days is allowed if they have a COVID-19 vaccination certificate showing that they were fully vaccinated at least 15 days (day of vaccination + 14 days) before arrival. The certificate must be in English, French or accompanied by a certified English or French translation. Vaccines accepted are: AstraZeneca (Covishield), AstraZeneca (SK Bioscience), AstraZeneca (Vaxzevria), Covaxin, Janssen, Moderna (Spikevax), Pfizer-BioNTech (Comirnaty), Sinopharm or Sinovac. A combination of vaccines is accepted.
- passengers with an authorization from the Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC);
- passengers with a letter of authorization from the Deputy Minister of Canadian Heritage (PCH);
- passengers with a COVID-19 vaccination certificate uploaded in ArriveCAN showing that they were fully vaccinated at least 15 days (day of vaccination + 14 days) before arrival. The certificate must be in English, French or accompanied by a certified English or French translation. Vaccines accepted are: AstraZeneca (Covishield), AstraZeneca (SK Bioscience), AstraZeneca (Vaxzevria), Covaxin, Janssen, Moderna (Spikevax), Pfizer-BioNTech (Comirnaty), Sinopharm or Sinovac. A combination of vaccines is accepted.
- passengers younger than 12 years accompanied by a guardian with a COVID-19 vaccination certificate uploaded in ArriveCAN showing that the guardian was fully vaccinated at least 15 days (day of vaccination + 14 days) before arrival. The certificate must be in English, French or accompanied by a certified English or French translation. Vaccines accepted are: AstraZeneca (Covishield), AstraZeneca (SK Bioscience), AstraZeneca (Vaxzevria), Covaxin, Janssen, Moderna (Spikevax), Pfizer-BioNTech (Comirnaty), Sinopharm or Sinovac. A combination of vaccines is accepted.
- passengers arriving directly from the USA and traveling on an essential purpose listed on <a href="https://tinyurl.com/4absxrpa">https://tinyurl.com/4absxrpa</a> ;
- passengers with a study permit or a post-graduation work permit, issued by Canada. They must be attending a designated learning institution (DLI) with a COVID-19 readiness plan approved by its province or territory. They must travel only to attend their study;
- passengers with an application for permanent residence. They must have a written notice issued under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act;
- members of the Canadian forces traveling on duty, and their immediate family members;
- more exemptions can be found at <a href="https://tinyurl.com/s4tbrc8">https://tinyurl.com/s4tbrc8</a>
2. Passengers must have a negative COVID-19 test taken at most 72 hours before departure of the last direct flight to Canada. The test result must not be issued in India or Morocco. Tests accepted are: CRISPR, Ct, detection of the E gene, detection of the N gene, detection of Orf1a/b, detection of the RdRp gene, detection of the S gene, ddPCR, isothermal amplification, LamPORE, NAAT, NAT, NGS, PCR, qPCR, RNA, RT-LAMP, RT-PCR, sequencing and WGS. More details can be found at <a href="https://tinyurl.com/uuf5nntc">https://tinyurl.com/uuf5nntc</a>
- This does not apply to:
- passengers younger than 5 years;
- passengers younger than 12 years traveling with their vaccinated parents/guardians, returning to Canada within 72 hours of their departure from Canada;
- passengers with a positive COVID-19 test taken at least 14 days and at most 180 days before departure of the last direct flight to Canada. Tests accepted are: CRISPR, Ct, detection of the E gene, detection of the N gene, detection of Orf1a/b, detection of the RdRp gene, detection of the S gene, ddPCR, isothermal amplification, LamPORE, NAAT, NAT, NGS, PCR, qPCR, RNA, RT-LAMP, RT-PCR, sequencing and WGS;
- passengers arriving directly from India;
- passengers arriving directly from Morocco;
- more exemption can be found via <a href="https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/exemptions">https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/exemptions</a>
3. Passengers and airline crew must submit their information electronically, at most 72 hours before arrival, through the ArriveCAN app or the website <a href="https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/coronavirus-disease-covid-19/arrivecan.html">https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/coronavirus-disease-covid-19/arrivecan.html</a> . Passengers must present an ArriveCAN receipt before boarding.
4. Passengers arriving directly from India must have a negative COVID-19 test taken at most 18 hours before departure. The test result must be issued by the laboratory Genestrings at the New Delhi airport (DEL) and have a QR code. Tests accepted are: CRISPR, Ct, detection of the E gene, detection of the N gene, detection of Orf1a/b, detection of the RdRp gene, detection of the S gene, ddPCR, isothermal amplification, LamPORE, NAAT, NAT, NGS, PCR, qPCR, RNA, RT-LAMP, RT-PCR, sequencing and WGS.
- This does not apply to:
- passengers younger than 5 years;
- passengers with a positive COVID-19 test taken at least 14 days and at most 180 days before departure. Tests accepted are: CRISPR, Ct, detection of the E gene, detection of the N gene, detection of Orf1a/b, detection of the RdRp gene, detection of the S gene, ddPCR, isothermal amplification, LamPORE, NAAT, NAT, NGS, PCR, qPCR, RNA, RT-LAMP, RT-PCR, sequencing and WGS.
5. Passengers arriving directly from Morocco must have a negative COVID-19 test taken at most 72 hours before departure. The test result must be issued by Morocco and have a QR code. Tests accepted are: CRISPR, Ct, detection of the E gene, detection of the N gene, detection of Orf1a/b, detection of the RdRp gene, detection of the S gene, ddPCR, isothermal amplification, LamPORE, NAAT, NAT, NGS, PCR, qPCR, RNA, RT-LAMP, RT-PCR, sequencing and WGS.
- This does not apply to:
- passengers younger than 5 years;
- passengers with a positive COVID-19 test taken at least 14 days and at most 180 days before departure. Tests accepted are: CRISPR, Ct, detection of the E gene, detection of the N gene, detection of Orf1a/b, detection of the RdRp gene, detection of the S gene, ddPCR, isothermal amplification, LamPORE, NAAT, NAT, NGS, PCR, qPCR, RNA, RT-LAMP, RT-PCR, sequencing and WGS.
6. Passengers must arrive at Abbotsford International (YXX), Calgary (YYC), Edmonton (YEG), Halifax (YHZ), John C. Munro Hamilton International (YHM), Kelowna International (YLW), Montreal (YUL), Ottawa (YOW), Quebec (YQB), Regina International (YQR), Region of Waterloo International (YKF), Saskatoon John G. Diefenbaker International (YXE), St. John's International (YYT), Toronto Pearson (YYZ), Toronto Billy Bishop (YTZ), Vancouver (YVR), Victoria International (YYJ) or Winnipeg (YWG).
- This does not apply to passengers arriving on direct flights from St. Pierre and Miquelon.
7. Passengers could be subject to quarantine for 14 days; details can be found at <a href="https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/flying-canada-checklist">https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/flying-canada-checklist</a>
- This does not apply to:
- passengers younger than 12 years traveling with their vaccinated parents/guardians;
- passengers with a COVID-19 vaccination certificate showing that they were fully vaccinated at least 15 days (day of vaccination + 14 days) before arrival. The certificate must be in English or French or be accompanied by a certified translation to English or French.
- Vaccines accepted are: AstraZeneca (Covishield), AstraZeneca (SK Bioscience), AstraZeneca (Vaxzevria), Covaxin, Janssen, Moderna (Spikevax), Pfizer-BioNTech (Comirnaty), Sinopharm or Sinovac. A combination of vaccines is accepted.
- More details can be found at <a href="https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/covid-vaccinated-travellers-entering-canada">https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/covid-vaccinated-travellers-entering-canada</a>;
8. Passenger could be subject to COVID-19 molecular test upon arrival. Details can be found at <a href="https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/covid-vaccinated-travellers-entering-canada">https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/covid-vaccinated-travellers-entering-canada</a> for vaccinated passengers and <a href="https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/exemptions#unvaccinated">https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/exemptions#unvaccinated</a> for unvaccinated passengers.
9. All travel restrictions may be prolonged as necessary for public health reasons.