Published 13.08.2021
1. Passengers are not allowed to enter.
- This does not apply to:
- nationals of the Philippines;
- passengers with a COVID-19 vaccination certificate showing that they were fully vaccinated in the Philippines, at least 14 days before arrival;
- passengers with a diplomatic passport and passengers with a 9(E) visa;
- passengers who in the past 14 days have been in and arrive from Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, Azerbaijan, Benin, Bermuda, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cayman Isl., Chad, China (People's Rep.), Chinese Taipei, Comoros, Cote d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Dominica, Equatorial Guinea, Falkland Isl. (Malvinas), Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, , Grenada, Hong Kong (SAR China), Hungary, Kosovo (Rep.), Lao People's Dem. Rep., Mali, Marshall Isl., New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niger, Nigeria, North Macedonia (Rep.), Northern Mariana Isl., Palau, Poland, Romania, Saba, Samoa (American), Singapore, Slovakia, St. Barthelemy, St. Eustatius, St. Pierre and Miquelon or Togo;
- nationals of Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Rep., Chad, Chile, Colombia, Comoros, Congo, Congo (Dem. Rep.), Costa Rica, Cote d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czechia, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Rep., Ecuador, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, France, Gabon, Gambia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Ireland (Rep.), Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kiribati, Korea (Rep.), Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Dem. Rep., Latvia, Lesotho, Liberia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Marshall Isl., Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Micronesia (Federated States), Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Norway, Oman, Palau, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Russian Fed., Rwanda, Samoa, San Marino, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Seychelles, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Isl., South Africa, Spain, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Suriname, Sweden, Switzerland, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, USA, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Vatican City (Holy See), Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zambia or Zimbabwe, who were former nationals of the Philippines, their accompanying spouses and children.;
- British nationals who were former nationals of the Philippines, their accompanying spouses and children;
- passengers with a visa issued by the Philippines (excluding 9(A) visas);
- passengers with a 9(A) visa. They must have an endorsement document issued by the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA). Letters to the Bureau of Immigration (LBI) issued before 8 February 2021 without an expiration date are not accepted;
- passengers with an Identification Certificate (IC) or a Certificate of Re-acquisition/Retention of Philippine Citizenship (CRPC) issued by the Philippines;
- spouses, parents and children of nationals of the Philippines not traveling together with a 9(A) visa. The visa must contain the notation “EED not required per IATF Resolution No. 128 (s.2021)".
2. Until 31 August 2021, passengers who in the past 14 days have been in Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand or United Arab Emirates are not allowed to enter.
- This does not apply to:
- nationals of the Philippines traveling on repatriation flights;
- passengers with a diplomatic passport and passengers with a 9(E) visa.
3. Nationals of the Philippines arriving from Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand or United Arab Emirates must have a negative COVID-19 RT-PCR test result issued at most 48 hours before departure; and
- a prior approval obtained by their agency from Bureau of Quarantine (BOQ).
4. Passengers with a diplomatic passport and passengers with a 9(E) visa, arriving from Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand or United Arab Emirates:
- must have a negative COVID-19 RT-PCR test result issued at most 48 hours before departure; and 
- must obtain approval, before departure, to be exempt from the mandatory facility quarantine; and
- are subject to home quarantine for 14 days.
5. Passengers with a diplomatic passport and passengers with a 9(E) visa, are subject to home quarantine for 10 days when arriving without a COVID-19 vaccination certificate showing that they were fully vaccinated at least 14 days before arrival, and arriving from Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, Azerbaijan, Benin, Bermuda, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cayman Isl., Chad, China (People's Rep.), Chinese Taipei, Comoros, Cote d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Dominica, Equatorial Guinea, Falkland Isl. (Malvinas), Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, , Grenada, Hong Kong (SAR China), Hungary, Kosovo (Rep.), Lao People's Dem. Rep., Mali, Marshall Isl., New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niger, Nigeria, North Macedonia (Rep.), Northern Mariana Isl., Palau, Poland, Romania, Saba, Samoa (American), Singapore, Slovakia, St. Barthelemy, St. Eustatius, St. Pierre and Miquelon or Togo. 
6. Passengers with a diplomatic passport and passengers with a 9(E) visa, are subject to home quarantine for 10 days when arriving from a country other than Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Benin, Bermuda, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cayman Isl., Chad, China (People's Rep.), Chinese Taipei, Comoros, Cote d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Dominica, Equatorial Guinea, Falkland Isl. (Malvinas), Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, , Grenada, Hong Kong (SAR China), Hungary, India, Indonesia, Kosovo (Rep.), Lao People's Dem. Rep., Malaysia, Mali, Marshall Isl., Nepal, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niger, Nigeria, North Macedonia (Rep.), Northern Mariana Isl., Oman, Pakistan, Palau, Poland, Romania, Saba, Samoa (American), Singapore, Slovakia, Sri Lanka, St. Barthelemy, St. Eustatius, St. Pierre and Miquelon, Thailand, Togo or United Arab Emirates.
7. Passengers are subject to quarantine at the first point of entry, and must have a reservation confirmation for at least 10 days, for a hotel approved by Tourism and Health Agencies and listed at <a href="https://quarantine.doh.gov.ph/quarantine-facilities/">https://quarantine.doh.gov.ph/quarantine-facilities/</a> 
- This does not apply to:
- nationals of the Philippines who are Overseas Filipino Workers (OFW);
- passengers with a diplomatic passport and passengers with a 9(E) visa;
- passengers who in the past 14 days have been in and arrive from Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, Azerbaijan, Benin, Bermuda, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cayman Isl., Chad, China (People's Rep.), Chinese Taipei, Comoros, Cote d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Dominica, Equatorial Guinea, Falkland Isl. (Malvinas), Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, , Grenada, Hong Kong (SAR China), Hungary, Kosovo (Rep.), Lao People's Dem. Rep., Mali, Marshall Isl., New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niger, Nigeria, North Macedonia (Rep.), Northern Mariana Isl., Palau, Poland, Romania, Saba, Samoa (American), Singapore, Slovakia, St. Barthelemy, St. Eustatius, St. Pierre and Miquelon or Togo, with a COVID-19 vaccination certificate showing that they were fully vaccinated at least 14 days before arrival, with AstraZeneca (Vaxzevria), AstraZeneca (SK Bioscience Co Ltd. from Korea), Covishield, Janssen, Moderna (Spikevax), Pfizer-BioNTech (Comirnaty), Sinopharm or Sinovac. They are subject to quarantine for 7 days. 
8. Merchant seamen with a 9 (C) visa issued by the Philippines must have a negative COVID-19 RT-PCR test result issued at most 72 hours before arrival.
9. Passengers traveling to Davao (DVO) must have a negative COVID-19 RT-PCR test result issued at most 72 hours before departure.
- This does not apply to merchant seamen with a 9 (C) visa issued by the Philippines.
10. Passengers must complete a "Case Investigation Form" and present it upon arrival. The form can be obtained at <a href="https://c19.redcross.org.ph/arriving-passengers">https://c19.redcross.org.ph/arriving-passengers</a> 
11. Passengers must install the app 'TRAZE' on their personal device before departure.
12. Passengers traveling to Cebu (CEB) must register at most 5 days before departure at <a href="https://mactancebuairport.com/covid-19-registration">https://mactancebuairport.com/covid-19-registration</a> 
13. Passengers traveling to Manila (MNL) must complete the "One Health Pass" form before arrival at <a href="https://www.onehealthpass.com.ph/e-HDC/One-Registration-Platform/">https://www.onehealthpass.com.ph/e-HDC/One-Registration-Platform/</a>. This will generate a QR code which must be presented upon arrival.
14. Passengers are not allowed to transit to a domestic flight or to a third country.
15. Suspension of all visa on arrival facilities.
16. Suspension of all visa exemptions.

